Add How to start with Foreman blog post (#1751)
theforeman/theforeman.org: _posts/2020-12-24-how-to-start-with-foreman.md

who has access to specific subset of data. This data can be searched through
using advanced, yet easy to use, search syntax. You can generate various reports
and statistics. Therefore you can e.g. easily tell, how many CentOS 7 and 8 are
running in your datacenter, search for all hosts in *Subnet* 192.168.0.0/24,
create CSV list of all hosts that are owned by a specific group of admins.

Once you have hosts defined, you can also take advantage of some nice plugins,
such as [remote execution](https://www.theforeman.org/plugins/foreman_remote_execution/1.7/index.html)
to run scripts and commands via SSH. Or run [Ansible](https://www.theforeman.org/plugins/foreman_ansible/3.x/index.html)
playbooks. You can setup your configuration management tool, to send more
information about your machines to Foreman and use Foreman as a dashboard for your
infrastructure status. You can receive email notifications in case some configuration
run fails. You can also manage the configuration management policy, be it Ansible, Puppet,

> Salt or Chef. With the [Katello plugin](https://theforeman.org/plugins/katello/3.18/index.html) plugin,

Reviewer: Not sure if this is the right place, but I feel like we should mention that Katello can't be installed after the fact somewhere.

Author: It's the first sentence in Katello manual linked from here

You can first try to run the curl without `| bash` part, to see the content of the script.
After thorough investigation, you can execute it manually.

If the registration was successful you should see something like
`Successfully enrolled host host.example.com with Foreman.`. If you see this, you can
see the Host created in your Foreman. The registration process can be tweaked, to e.g. deploy
SSH keys, preinstall some software etc.

Note the command contains a JSON Web Token (JWT), that authenticates the user when curl fetches
the registration instructions from Foreman. This token is valid for 4 hours by default.
The token lifetime can be customized in the registration form. The same command can be used for multiple
machines, however it also contains the selected OS id, so all such machines would be
considered running this specific OS.

### Registering hosts using subscription-manager or bootstrap.py

**This section assumes you have [Katello](https://theforeman.org/plugins/katello/3.18/index.html) plugin installed.**

If you use Katello, there's a way to create an unmanaged host by subscribing it. This is

> specific for RPM based distributions, namely Red Hat Enterprise Linux and CentOS. The

Reviewer: RHEL and CentOS aren't the only ones. Fedora also includes it. Perhaps it should say something like "This depends on subscription-manager which is shipped by RHEL, CentOS and Fedora. For Debian (and derivatives) it was recently ported and you need a custom repository to install it."

Author: I'm not turning my computer today and can't fix it from phone. I think mentioning Fedora is technically correct, however not crucial. I think we could find more rpm based distros that ship sub-man, but are not used as widely as these.

subscription-manager was recently ported also to Debian (and derivatives). However you need
to add a custom repository to your machines in order to install it.  When
the Host is created this way, the second object called Content Host is also automatically created.
Content Hosts are extensions to the regular Host object, extending its. You can see that in

> Content Host UI. Note that the Host will be unmanaged, however you can convert it later to managed Host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Content Host UI. Note that the Host will be unmanaged, however you can convert it later to a managed Host.
```

Also if you provisioned the host (meaning it's managed) a Content Host can still be created.
In fact the subscription is usually performed as part of the provisioning.

Katello provides subscription management and content management features. Meaning you can control
what product entitlements are consumed by each such Host and what repositories are available to them.
You can control content versions, e.g. you only want the newest packages installed on your testing environment,
while in production you want to update packages only after they were tested in the testing evironment.

Based on the information we receive from the host, Foreman also knows, what packages
are installed on a particular Host and whether there's some update or applicable errata. 

In order to get instructions for subscribing the machine, navigate to *Hosts -> Content Hosts*
and click Register Content Host. Follow the instructions on this page.

To make this easier, you can also use [bootstrap.py](https://github.com/Katello/katello-client-bootstrap),

> that accepts many options. See it's readme for more details. The linked repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that accepts many options. See its readme for more details. The linked repository
```

> also contains an Ansible playbook, that can be used to automate a subscription of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also contains an Ansible playbook that can be used to automate a subscription of
```

multiple hosts. 

### Importing VMs from compute resource

Foreman can scan many virtualization hypervisors and cloud providers. Each hypervisor
and cloud provider offers different capabilities. Foreman abstracts these differences
and as much as possible. In order to start using some virtualization backend, a compute
resources must be defined. Compute resource represents the hypervisor or cloud.

Some providers are shipped with Foreman but more can be added by installing plugins.
As of today, these are part of Foreman core:

* Amazon EC2
* Google Compute Engine
* Libvirt
* OpenStack
* oVirt / RHV

> * VMware (with vSphere only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* VMware vSphere
```

Navigate to *Infrastructure -> Compute resources* and click *Create Compute Resource*
button. Give it some name and select a provider type. If you don't see any provider,
you need to install some. While some providers are part of Foreman core, we
ship them in separate RPM packages, so users can install only those, that are
interesting in their environment. In order to see, what providers you have
installed, navigate to *Administer -> About -> Available Providers*.

<p float='left' align='center'>
  <img src="/static/images/blog_images/2020-12-24-how-to-start-with-foreman/cr_providers.png" width="700" />
</p>

Here's a table with installer argument for each core provider

<table class="table table-bordered table-condensed">
  <tr>
    <th>Virtualization</th>
    <th>Installer argument</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Amazon EC2</td>
    <td>--enable-foreman-compute-ec2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Google Compute Engine</td>
    <td>--enable-foreman-compute-gce</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Libvirt</td>
    <td>--enable-foreman-compute-libvirt</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
      <td>openstack</td>
      <td>--enable-foreman-compute-openstack</td>

>     </tr>

Reviewer: A part of me wants the indenting to be correct here, even though it doesn't matter for the rendered output :)

Author: Take it as my xmas present everyone who wants to fight with OCD :-) I'm not fixing this from my phone :-)

  <tr>
    <td>oVirt / RHV</td>
    <td>--enable-foreman-compute-ovirt</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>VMware</td>
    <td>--enable-foreman-compute-vmware</td>
  </tr>
</table>

To install the support for a particular provider, run the *foreman-installer* with the appropriate argument, e.g.

> `foreman-installer --enable-foreman-compute-vmware`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the support for a particular provider, run the *foreman-installer* with the appropriate argument, e.g.
`foreman-installer --enable-foreman-compute-vmware`. Multiple providers can be installed at the same time.
```

After you choose the provider in the compute resource form, some additional
fields show up. This is the form specific to the selected provider. Some providers
allow to test the connection, which is required to load additional information.
The test only verifies the connection can be established but does not necessarily
verify, that credentials are correct or the account has all required permissions.

<p float='left' align='center'>
  <img src="/static/images/blog_images/2020-12-24-how-to-start-with-foreman/create_vmware.png" width="700" />
</p>

The Organizations and Locations tabs can be ignored for now, but make sure at least
one of each is assigned. Most likely you'll have a single option in both selectors.

> After the compute resource is created, user is redirected to its detail page. Click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the compute resource is created, you are redirected to its detail page. Click
```

the Virtual Machines tab to list VMs on this compute resource. You should see some

> basic information about VMs. Based on provider capabilities, you can power them on and off. 

Reviewer: So tempting to make a joke "That fixes most issues anyway" here

Author: Perhaps, that should be the ultimate feature we put to Foreman homepage :-) "Foreman solves all your problems, you can turn your machine off and on again"

<p float='left' align='center'>
  <img src="/static/images/blog_images/2020-12-24-how-to-start-with-foreman/cr_vms.png" width="700" />
</p>

Note the little drop down icon next to Power On and Power Off buttons. This is the multi

> action button that we use on many places in Foreman. Clicking the down caret will open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
action button that Foreman uses in many places. Clicking the down caret will open
```
